Mr. Xu, how was my performance just now?
Is the play a bit too much?
You said that in case you lose in your capacity
I can't even get through face.
I won't lose
Again
Mr. Xu, can't you compare to that lewd man?
And the industry of the department he involves gray areas
A lot of funds have been seized and are ready to run away
So I win this bet you women really
That's terrible.
Welcome.
Today's opening ceremony officially begins
Now let's give it a big hand.
Welcome Miss Shen Tingting to give a speech on stage
Coming, coming.
I didn't see the first place in Yuncheng last time.
Finally got a chance to set a steering wheel today
I watched the entertainment news the other day.
Said he found a little boyfriend
I'm going to promote him today
With the help of Shen Tingting
Even a beggar
Can you also become the new rich in our Yuncheng?
Really?
I'd like to see which kid is so lucky
Finally showing up
How could it be him?